{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldItalicMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red131\green0\blue65;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue109;\red109\green109\blue109;\red13\green96\blue2;\red76\green76\blue76;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c59205\c5372\c32513;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c50196;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;\cssrgb\c506\c44277\c174;\cssrgb\c37036\c37036\c37036;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs100 \cf2 Lesson 16				
\fs40 01.02.21 
\fs166 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\fs30 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Checking homework  
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \ulc2 L.15_Opposite-Word-List, L.15_pick a fight, L.14_FOR&SINCE\cf3 \ulc3 \
\cf2 \ulc2 Can you tell me something about yourself?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Why did you apply for this job?\
Why did you leave your last job?\
Can you tell me something about your education?\
Can you tell us something\'a0 about your working experience?\
Why should we hire you (and not someone else)?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf3 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 \cb1 \ul \ulc3 Reading & Translate
\f2\b0 \cf2 \ulc2  \cf3 \ulc3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf5 \cb4 \ulnone Exercise: What a bank does\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf6 Kate: 
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'You used to work in a bank. How do they make so much money?'\

\f1\b \cf6 Grazia:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'Well, banks 
\f1\b lend
\f2\b0  money to people when they don't have enough money to buy or pay for something (e.g. a car or a house). Then the people 
\f1\b repay
\f2\b0  the money back to the bank in the future.'\

\f1\b \cf6 Kate:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'I have 
\f1\b borrowed
\f2\b0  money from the bank before to buy both my car and my house and to pay for the cost of my university course. In fact, I still have a 
\f1\b loan
\f2\b0  from the bank for my house, I borrowed \'a3240,000 from my bank to buy it. So that's how a bank makes money, from loans?'\

\f1\b \cf6 Grazia:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'That's right. Banks don't lend money to people for free, they charge 
\f1\b interest
\f2\b0  on all the loans they give to people. On the loan I have to pay for my car, they charge me 8% interest per year. So every year I haven't repaid the loan from them, I have to pay them 8% in interest (8% of the original value of loan) in addition to repaying to them the actual money they gave me to buy the car.'\

\f1\b \cf6 Kate:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'8% interest per year isn't a lot for borrowing money from a bank. I have a bank account where I can borrow money from my bank when I want. With this 
\f1\b credit card account
\f2\b0 , my bank charges me 20% interest per year for borrowing money from them. Normally, I repay the money quickly, so I don't get charged interest.' \uc0\u8232 'But where do the bank get the money from to give loans to people?'\

\f1\b \cf6 Grazia:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'They borrow the money.'\

\f1\b \cf6 Kate:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'From who?'\

\f1\b \cf6 Grazia:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'Normally from the people and companies who 
\f1\b deposit
\f2\b0  or give their money to the bank to look after. Anybody who has a bank account (except a credit card account) with them.'\

\f1\b \cf6 Kate:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'What types of bank accounts are there?'\

\f1\b \cf6 Grazia:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'There are two main different types of bank accounts where people deposit their money. The first type is the one which people use to buy or pay for things with (e.g. in a shop, on the internet, bills etc...) and you can take out money from it whenever you want. This is called a 
\f1\b current account
\f2\b0  or a checking account in America. This is the type of bank account which most people's salary/wage from their job is paid into.' \uc0\u8232 'The second type of bank account is used for people who want to save not spend the money that is deposited in the account. This is called a 
\f1\b savings account
\f2\b0 . With this type of account you can't use it to buy or pay for things (e.g. in a supermarket) like with a current account. To use the money in a savings account, you can only withdraw/take the money out directly from the bank or move it into your current account.'\

\f1\b \cf6 Kate:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'So why do people have a savings account then? A current account seems more practical.'\

\f1\b \cf6 Grazia:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'Because banks pay interest on the money in your savings account. They give you money for keeping money in the account.'\

\f1\b \cf6 Kate:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'And the banks don't pay you interest for the money in your current account?'\

\f1\b \cf6 Grazia:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'Yes they do. But the 
\f1\b interest rate
\f2\b0 , the percentage of interest you receive, is higher in a savings account than in a current account. In my savings account, my money in it earns a 5% interest rate each year. While in my current account, the bank only pays an interest rate of 1%.'\

\f1\b \cf6 Kate:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'So, if a bank pays the people who deposit money with them interest, how can it make money?'\

\f1\b \cf6 Grazia:
\f2\b0 \cf2 \
'Because the interest rate it pays to borrow money (from its customers who deposit money) is lower than the interest rate it charges when it lends money to people (e.g. in loans). That's how it makes so much money.'\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i \cf7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf3 \cb1 \ul Interview questions
\f2\b0 \cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb4 Question no. 7: What are your strengths?\

\f2\b0 Professional interviewers should identify your strengths\'97without inquiring about them. They get their salary for this capacity.\
Nevertheless, you can meet a variety of bodies in your interview. Sometimes the person leading the meeting can have little or no experience with interviewing people for the job (think owners of small business, or HR generalists who are just starting their career).\
In this case, the question makes at least some sense.\
You should pick relevant strengths. If possible, you should elaborate on your answer, saying how you demonstrated your strengths in your career, how they helped you in the jobs you had.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 \cb1 \ul Home assignment\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \ulc2 Prepare answer for the following question:  \'abWhat are your strengths?\'bb\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \cb4 \ulc8 Example: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \ulnone Responsibility is my greatest strength. I consider my job the first priority, and it has never happened to me that I came late to work, or that I did not finalize my tasks in time.\
\
Creative, Initiative,\'a0Focused, Flexible, Dynamic, Full of new ideas}